[DMS] March release branch, release Thursday 27 (#6603)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/getting_started/create_migration.mdx

1.  Select the project from which you want to manage the migration.

1.  Within your project, select **Migrate** > **Migrations**. 

1.  In the **Migrations** page, select **Create New Migration**. 

1.  In the **Create Migration** page, assign a **Name** to the migration. 

1.  Select the **Source** of the migration. The ID for the EDB DMS Reader is listed in the drop-down menu.

1.  Select the migration type, [**Snapshot**](/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/terminology/#snapshot-migration) or [**Snapshot + Streaming**](/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/terminology/#snapshot--streaming-migration).

1.  Under **Destination Type**, select a target for the migration. This can be a [**Managed Postgres**](/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/terminology/#managed-postgres) or [**External Postgres**](/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/terminology/#external-postgres) instance. Select the destination cluster and database accordingly and select **Next**.

1.  Select the tables and columns to migrate. Modify the table and column names if needed.

1.  Select **Create Migration**.

> The EDB Postgres AI Console now displays a new migration.

Author: Good question. We have heard many different designations, currently, we are going with "Hybrid Control Plane portal". WDYT? However, we'll definitely have to streamline this going forward and once we have the buy-in from others.

```suggestion
The Hybrid Control Plane portal now displays a new migration.
```
